and the
pasta is awarded to
chloe zhao for no madland
[Music]
uh thank you so much thank you so much i
i think i just uh made my teacher at
brighton college really proud
uh i would love to share this award with
my producers
francis mcdormand peter spears molly
asher and dan genvy
and also the whole team at searchlight
pictures
thank you so much for creating such a
safe and
encouraging environment for me to always
challenge myself and to play
um a huge special shout out to francis
mcdormand
who is a brilliant storyteller of her
own uh
thank you friend for discovering firm
with me and
for bringing so much joy to our journey
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
and the bafta is awarded too
no mad land
um thank you
part against thank you so much um we
would like to dedicate this award to the
nomadic community
who so generously welcomed us into their
lives
they shared with us their dreams their
struggles
and their deep sense of dignity
thank you for showing us that aging is a
beautiful part of life
a journey that we should all cherish and
celebrate
how we treat our elders says a lot about
who we are as a society and we need to
do better thank you again members of the
bafta
we hope to see you down the road
[Applause]
[Music]
you